This project is kind of not one of the easiest ones, but as soon as I understand you are doing with programming and all this stuff so I guess you will find your way. Yes. I do not know how might you have managed to read about this paper that were in the web post that were a sign. I think you are looking to that one. Yes. I have read all this papers and I have, I don't know, this database only has this and I also have two. I don't know, because this is only as it's collected from many other database. Okay, so you have at least some understanding. So I know it's like, if I want you to call a part of the biological project so you, I mean, when working with this you would have to, yeah, pre-papers like this, we would be able to or let it relate it so it will be some biological terms that you need to try to understand. But what should we start with? Let me first, first the more old guidance. I don't think you have been at this implementing right? You haven't, what kind of a story you have? I don't think, maybe you were there. This implementing with adult scientists of January have been there. I haven't had an in between that. You haven't been there. I don't know, that's why I want just to mention something that I think are important to remember. So then about like, I will be not pushing you in the project, okay? So it's your course supposed to be the driving force. I'm so. If something is not moving forward, I will not kick you. I will not tell you, you must work harder. It will not happen. So you need to make sure that you fit or you complete the project by actually working yourself. So, but I'm here to support you to help you. When you have questions, when you want to discuss results and think like this. So then when you write your text, so the project I will try to revise and give you feedback on what you have written. So my general lead, like we say that students not only meet super wide or super-oxymer, but like one hour every second week. What is not fixed, so it's sometimes it can be maybe depending on your need. Sometimes, some students prefer shorter meetings, maybe every week. Maybe a certain means meeting every week. Sometimes you have a period where a lot of things to discuss, then you meet also more regular than it. Sometimes you have a lot of things to work by yourself. So then maybe we meet not met often. But the proximal, like one hour every second week, that's how it's supposed to happen. And also what's important is I wrote here, planning of the research. So, yeah, so as you know, it's not like some other projects that other masters, so here we have fixed timeframes. So if you don't complete within the fixed time, then you're out. So then whatever you do, you must make sure that your project is this time. Timeframes, so basically we are now here, what is it now? It's interesting, some generous, almost February. And then it can be fixed or something unique to have a full draft. So you have February in March. So full February for March and full April, sort of three months and a bit of May, just a little. So for three months you need to complete the entire project. So this is how it's built. So which means that I would strongly recommend you to create like a schedule work package. So ready, like from the scratch. So when you're now, after you try to read the data, understand the data before. You try to plan your work. So then make something like time schedule for yourself. So maybe something like February March May. And here, right, working package run, I will do this. Work package 12, do this and I will complete these by. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know how you used to work, but in this, we'll be completed approximately February. 15th, this will be about February, 22. So something like that. That's already now before starting the meeting. So you go sit and try to make this schedule. And I can look at it after you do it. You can send it to me. I can look at it and see if it looks realistic or not. And if not, maybe we need to adjust somehow before. Or you. This schedule, very seldom works as you plan from the beginning. So you need normally to adjust the dynamic on the flight. But at least you can from the beginning. Make sure that there is a chance to complete it in time. Okay. So in your case, do all the sun work in it first for understanding data, download in data. Data is quite complex, as you might have seen. So it's a genetic data I would imagine, sure. What is something like genes, information about genes, information about. Drugs and information about effects, so it is a rock, so basically resources. And it's obtained at many different levels with genes, information about how to use it. And also you need to kind of what's supposed to happen now, if you're supposed to also disfirst two weeks that dive deeply into the literature. And then no literature is the first step that you need to do. And it means that you need to look at all that, but logically papers you can find in that relates to this aspects or also to those that are in the flow states. So maybe you find some graph neural network papers that do something similar or not exactly these, but some things have more you may find what they're up there for a prediction. There is one site it here, but this one is not using rough neural networks. So we need to try to find a relevant literature and based on that proposed method. Like it would be like a rough neural network, but there are many different rough neural networks available. Yes, I don't know, two other extent you have already managed to check around like convolutional neural network. Yes, and then change the data. Yes, change the data. So there are different architectures that potentially can be. So then you can look at what is available, what people write and now, so if you did try to write it to find something or you tried to do it to show you or not yet. Yes, I have tried to read some paper at a chat, yes, and GCN at convolution network. So GN like method, method, method, speed push. So yeah, but also try to look within application, no specific related to genes. Like within bio biology, look what we're about neural network papers I used for predicting drugs, drug effects, gene expressions, so to all subjects you or this you can use like drug effects, in combinations with neural network, in expressions or expression changes, so it's not. Yeah, I have been now working with that is biological applications for quite sometimes so and I'm not really expert about that. Knowledgeable enough to help you with biology, outside. So yeah, so first week or first week it will take you to a daily how and search for the method and trying to propose a method that could do it. So what is the idea? Okay, there are here basically three questions, one of them is essentially to reach every year. Right, so which method is most appropriate for predicting perturbation effects. So then you need to do like, yeah, after doing literature you can complete number one. And this one is more technical, so how accurately can gene and predict for you samples and un-singrucks. So it means that you would need to construct a model, then train it on the sunrocks and predict it for someone's in-rocks or for someone's in samples. So so this in this question, the result is similar with the academic literature of the decoder. And it should be of the same, maybe not really the same kind of prediction, but the idea is same is try to predict if you know it from if you have information about drug, you predict how this drug effectively certain sound. So they predicted, I will explain it to you. They will predict in a bit special way we don't need to do it that way directly, we can do it more smart, but we can still do it that it becomes comparable. Yeah, and third part is comparison to the quality. So, but let's see, maybe I can also explain it in start by explaining the idea of how this data is collected. 

So they have some measurement, these are the different kinds of satellites. So they are different sort, can be, I don't remember, they are names. So what they do is that they measure information from these satellites, maybe this is satellite. And how is it going to do it, something, see one, and this is something. So what they do is that they measure expression for this, like an expression that it has an order of genes, can have one. So first they measure, so called one, or the genes. It's not under 7 to 8 genes, which are kind of important. And from there they, in America somehow derived the problem, like in total they get around 20,000 genes. So this is not by computer. They extend these genes from bigger amount. So this is the print. So this is what information you get per cell. So it is, we get around 20,000 numbers for each cell. It's like information about each gene level. Then what happens is that they make a lot of copies of these cell lines. And then they apply different drugs, so they take drug one, drug two. They apply to these cell lines, they get another gene expression. 

And then they take these drugs for the same, with my, to another copy of this. So they get a plenty of different combinations, like cell, with mass, drugs, which results in like observed expression, gene expression, which is again extended to these 20,000 numbers. So then they have this copies without drug application. In this case, if you do not apply in a drug, if you keep it, and you don't apply in a drug, or you just go to water inside, then you call it controlled. So cell, it was not affected, that is controlled. So the idea of this project is that by having knowledge about how genes look like in the control state, before effect was affected by drug, and by knowing the drug properties, and in all these drugities, you want to predict the expression that was after drug was applied. So essentially, you want to construct such a model by you. Or this is what action is done in deep cope, but they did without drug, you know, so they take genes, which is before, and they take drug properties connected together, and then they predict, not really in expression, but they predict like they're up or down. What is that? So when the gene expression is which observed here went up, compared to or even though one or down. So it's a bit easier to predict this and the action lambda, but we will try to predict that. So why are we going to thought was that by using drug neural networks, we also take into account this drug share of like all genes. They have connections to each other, so which is they kind of send signals to each other, and this information is not so business database, for example, called Tony Paz, I can send you this data message, so what has is that it has a connection between all these genes, all they are connected, looks like a rough, it's a long gene to get to them. So then the idea is that as follows, here you have, you may construct this drug neural networks in different ways, but if you assume that there is some information here, both these gene levels, and you affect all of this nodes by drugs, these all them affected by the drug, then you can construct a gene and that looks more, and several layers that will output the predicted this one. So maybe I can already, I'm just going to draw you some candidate more though, let's see. How is this type of origin? Look, do you follow this sort? Yes, yes. So the idea was as follows from the beginning, so that's, 

and we have a rough, which you parameterized by some parameters, each node will have a small vector of parameters. 

And this vector of parameters are connected to your origin, all gene expressions, and some of the idea right from your genes, some of them. So then we have also drugs here, drug vector. And so if you will also affect this, this is more of this nodes. So when you have this rough with weights, then you can make several layers of this kind, which will perform convinutions or you've got them. So we will make several, like they will start working to each other. So they start working to each other and after that, this rough will change the weights. That's like an abstract idea, so you will get new weights after the formulaic and share signals. And from this way, you derive the actual predicted gene expressions. This is just an idea of how potentially you can do this, but you may do it in another way, based on your literature, depending on what you find. But so the idea is that the parameters of your nodes should be related to your original gene expressions, and the drug probably will affect how they start communicating to each other, depending on one this thing, the communication partner will be affected and it gets a certain partner of all the gene expressions. So in that way, you can, if you want to get to look compared to without a model, which we should, that you can just compare this with this one. Look if it's offered up and it can make your conversation. So that's the basic idea, but there are some things that need to be done before you can actually build your model. First, looking at the data and all the more than you can understanding it. And then also, let's see, yeah, that literature, you of course. And let's see what it is. Let's see. So. And give a can of that. So. So. This is, there was a letter that you perhaps have seen. And then you can see the data library. And even data library. And this, see, up. And this is the one we want to use, by the way, this paper that you compare with. They are also using. Okay. So you can just take the base. That's the time. I know that I think I'll use this this this. Yes, this from that perspective becomes easier. Okay. So what they have here. So this is a wrong data. We will not use it. And also this 97978 genes. And also from there. They normalize it. Some sort of scaling. And there they derived this additional. Level 100 genes. And I think this is the level action need. So level 3B is what we need. Because sometimes they start doing some additional scaling. We want to keep the original level of genes. We don't want them to be 01. So we need to extract 3B. So after that they use scaling. And they also do differential expression. Maybe you know what it is. So differential expression. So if you have. Let's say a group of. As. South that was affected by drug you get. So kind of level of gene. Okay. How we draw it. If it was affected by drugs. This is an example of gene level. Do you know what was here. Or this house. And those that were not affected controls. The gene that was here. So for a certain. So. Maybe helps. Maybe it's the control like this. So if you take one cell. If it's gene expression for a certain gene. Do you want. You see here. And if you affected by drug then it's here. Then you take again another cell. It's here affected by drug here. Without effect. With effect. So then differential expression means that you compare. That mean level here. That level there. So they basically can take. Along. Of. This mean. The. Mean. After. And by doing. Before. So this is for. So this. For. So this kind of character. How much. If there is a change. If this. If this. If they are same. And this would be. Race for. We're one and more. We'll be zero. You're the. Exactly the same. Okay. So then this is equal to this. And you get one and lower one is here. So. Yeah. And this will actually compute the level five. Defranchful expression. So they go cut. Difference. Control versus treatment. But this is what we will not use. We will look at three. So already set is only. Three. Yes. Three. And there are some additional data sets. That's how they are. Now we got. They can. They can. Characterized in different ways. And. So if you. We will look. We will look at. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. Okay. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. So. So. Then it has. This is the name of the drug. All right. And this is the name. And the third one is target. So we see here it's empty. So target means we should gene it targets. Here it's empty everywhere. I know. Which is called. There's no. I should be. Should show. Yeah. For instance. Do drug. Target's new. And also this. So this. This drug. Target to do the one day. It's. So what. What does it mean so for every drug. If you have drug one. You know. I said. For jeans, which it targets. So basically kind of for each of the drug. You have. Zero one binary input. For which tells you one. And then the drug is targeted. 

So this is the fingerprint. Yeah. It's not a fingerprint. Now. So fingerprint. See here. Of course we could. Who is fingerprint. Is that. Whatever. I mean, if you're. There's a bit different thing. So that. And fingerprint is. Kind of. Kind of. Which you can translate by using a machine on impulse into. Representation. Concrete. Yes indeed. Yes. Yeah. So we could use either drug targets or. Or fee. This kind of thing. But. The. The right boxes. And this. It's just so. So down. If we use this kind of representation. They went all exactly the which jeans. genes. So I mean if you have a graph, then you get kind of explicit mapping, some of the genes get affected, some of them don't. Put this information. But if you have a chemical properties, then you need to combine this kind of this vector that you get with all the know, maybe it's okay. I mean we're kind of looking at several versions of these into the batch terms, some defending model to find. So, yeah, there are different representations for chemical, traditional one is smiles. So, both smiles are presentation of the day of this vector and translates it into a number of several vector with numbers. So, right. I think in color, maybe it's better to start, maybe it's actually easier for you if you start from by looking and testing the competitor method because then you will look at the date and you will look at different, how the fingerprints look like, how they get response. I don't know what this sequence is, it will be easier for you. Or if you have find some other method that is doing rough neural networks in some way, maybe that one, depending on what you find. We can discuss that what to do. But, so this is targets. So, for each target you can get either binary vector showing which genes are on and off or you can get smiles which would just be a vector without connection to genes. It's based on chemical. Then gene information, let's see what it says. Okay, so this is different gene information. It's gene can be coded in different ways. So, this is gene number. G symbol which is gene name and the one system and ensemble ID which is gene name and another system. So, this are three different names for the same gene. So, when you connect different databases together they're using either this or that or that, you will see it. But this is what connects them all together. Okay, so, so I mentioned to you that there are different cells. So, and there are like CD34 cell, these cell and there are some information about this cells what they are. This is probably not that important for you. It's just this file can be basically used to know which cells that exist. These are their identities. Yes, that was the problem. Yes, and then, let's see that was another one. Which mean these four, okay, those are two must here. And they say that for level 3 and 4 signatures, you can find information about the actual light instances in this file, in the whole so that it is very shallow kept. To find information about each of the derivations in these data sets, how they look like, for 3 and 4, and for level 5 it is there. So we need to, and also for the treatments, they have different source of treatments. For the compound treatment, this is when they think of out some genes, without going into details, what we need, other drugs which are compounds, these ones, and controls, which we compare to, so that we are not affected. This is what like water and or untreated. All others you can just filter out. So this is drugs, we will not use. So only TRT, Cp, and control. So that was about repository. And what they also mentioned is that there is a package which you can use to work with this database, which is CMOTM, it is MOTM, but they are same with our CMOTR, which you can see them up. This one you can play with is data that have different comments that allow you to process these data in a certain way. So this was data. So it will test, take some time for you to understand as data and connect it to a commodity. So then this is why we have basically one model and one competitor, because there are other things for you to understand. So what else? What did you mention to you that was the first time, this time, this time sometime? Yes, then you have what I also wanted to mention that you need to, after the literature view, it is important that you start writing directly. So when you have examined the methods which data are related, then you can directly write it down and essentially after these proposals seminar, we will have everything necessary to write first sketch of the chapter one in view of these which is introduction to the project, the ground, literature view, aims of the project and probably more packet as a tool. So it is important that while you are doing your computations and analysis at the same time you write in parallel. So then whatever you have done, you are trying the same time to produce pieces of text and say it somewhere, so that when you will try to create the final draft you just copy based it together. It is very bad if you first do all computations and then in the very end write text then normally you will not be in time. Also, I do not know how you are, but I think there is such problem for Chinese students who is Chinese background, then they try to do a lot and fight a lot themselves without asking for help. So you mean some problem, some of them at least not, I don't say that for everyone but some students try to fight this problem for a very, very long time and then they don't even say anything to the supervisor. So I will recommend you give, like you cannot solve some sort of problem relatively quickly then you ask for help. Okay, okay. Probably something in Chinese culture, right? You are not prepared to admit that you cannot do something. Yes. No. Okay. So then, yeah, so suddenly pieces of your pieces are regular, so when normally say that also approximately every second week, it would be good if you send some piece of text to you. I have written it for the pages. Then I will give you feedback. I don't know how good you are in writing, but if you feel that you are have good then it's even more important to start writing early that we can start polishing your text directly. I think I'm not good at writing. So then I will have to work on that at all. So regarding typo meetings, physical or online for me it doesn't really matter, but I see physical meetings have this advantage that we can write on the whiteboard share some bit. But for me it's okay to have either or both depending on your preference. So then the white-hawy search for paper students do it in different ways. So I mean if you find some related paper for your search question paper one, then how you can do is to look which paper this paper sites look at them. If you don't read them carefully first, but first you just look, does the title seem reasonable or related to what I need? And if so you don't know them, similarly you can look at which paper site this one. So if you don't know them, you can look at them. Again look if titles look related, if so, then download and solve some of these paper sites in my list paper or paper that sites this paper and we need to do the search of them. So look which paper is cited by that or which paper sites now the one. So by doing this you collect the note of paper, then you start reading their abstracts. Sometimes it's clear from the abstract that paper is not read out, you just remove it or filter out. So you start with the big amount of papers when you read abstracts. You remove some of them with gets more, then you read chapter one, or introduction. We need to revise some of them on our thread on them and it gets even more. So by step by step if you grow this huge portion of papers and finally end up with those the technical touch the red amount, then you read them and you try to understand which one is the most appropriate for you. So what you are exactly now will write on very heavily is that when you propose a method you should clearly motivate why this method is the best point from them. If there are some alternatives you should be able to explain why the one you can chose and is the best, why is better than the one. The alternative one. So this is what needs to be written in the introduction. Why you have some of them, so to approach. These are because it's most computational, expensive. It has a high chance to produce the best accuracy for some or maybe previously the return you have shown that this was the method that gave the best accuracy in similar to the situation and in similar applications. So there should be some good explanation why. So now I'm going to write, so then you may see in these slides from the interlector and there is a link to these templates so you can download the template and writing them directly. Also, these slides actually are step by step instructions. So you just need to follow them all the times. Look at them. I mean, when you attempt these proposals and look what's needed there in this slide. After you have learned that look what's required next. So all the times, check with the slides. Yes, so then. So then when you post looking at this cost for resources. So we can give access to probably we'll need somewhere in the box computational resources, right? We're doing deep learning. I have a right to access that it's below. Do you have some GPU that you can access? Because we can actually have some steamer servers here which you could get access to if you need. But if you have some deep learning and communication so rating, you decide. I have access the right to the GPU in this team. Oh, you have already. Okay, okay. Then the problem is solved. That you already can do that. Great. What about office space? Do you need it? Or where do you prefer work from home? No, I'm seeing the leverage is okay. Say it again. I can do it in the leverage. You need office space. What you're saying? You prefer to have it or? Office. So you, I can come here and. Yes, so for those external people, I can try to ask. So like your student doing external, this is work. So we have this office space. Yeah. As you see in the room to the, like the, further room to the left. And there is a shared office space. So which, after I talk to the chief, I can request an YouTube. If you, you're, take like, that you come there and sit. Okay. If you wish. Yes. No, not like that. Why not? I mean, for some students they prefer working from home, some of them like to be a dog. That's right. So then, okay. So like, laptop or things like this, I don't think we can provide. Do it heavier. Do it heavier own laptop. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Also on the feed's course home page. We have. Oh, it's really. We have examples of food, feed's works. Maybe you have seen it. Yeah. So we don't have. Yeah. Still haven't done it. Haven't had a time to do that. But I think the quality of why you can look at this one. So nothing has changed in some. So if you look at this one, that means too quite a kid. Just reading what kind in what way you could write. When you start writing or maybe just trying to scroll through one of the spaces, what does to see how the, how the piece is structured is. Yeah. More or less. But probably is more important when you actually doing all the writing. But we'll turn on the basics. Sometimes we can look. Okay. I talked a lot. Maybe you have a lot of questions now to me. I just, just have some ideas. Okay. So just for this, only pass. They were directed. It's also, they collected, they have, they, they believe that the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the person is right. Then they collected. And, uh, I mean, as thing is like this. So each of these connections is a result of literature. Uh, so these connections are curated from massive amount of literature. So people over the case have written, uh, or derived several studies about which the signal to each other, same signal to each other. Yes. So my idea is that if we can use the underrated parts. Underrated ones. I'd say that's your design choice. You can use either underrated or directed. Because there's a lot of, um, underrated data. These maybe 10 times then the direct data. Yeah. Well, in this case, if you're using, uh, Yeah, okay. So, what I want to say, only path is something that is given to you. Uh, you can of course use another database by, I think this is the most, and most reach one. And then regarding the, what you would have to do that is that you kind of, that is kind of much with genes. These are bombers that you have here. These genes. So you're, on this way, you're rough becomes undetitled with numbers, right? So from, you have information about the, the BGM here, something in the way. And so, um, if you're making direct it on directed, I think it depends on which you're, you're not working, you choose, right? So in some, rough neural network architecture, you assume that it's undirected. Some of them can handle directions. So depending on which you choose, with gene and you choose, you will use either one or another. All right. So it will be your design choice. So, you can make some fixed parameters. And you will, well, we, uh, make some more experience to add some, or the undirect data into the network. And then, why about that? I don't have much attention, or they have, why about the, the low attention, undirected pass in the training process. So I want to design a algorithm that is, yeah, I have to do this and so I want to try it. Okay. So you try it, guts already, or interesting. Yes, I have. With what data? Uh, just the, uh, string data, they still notice. It's string, wrong one. Yes, this is one database that's on the as correct from. Okay. Interesting. I can never look at that, if that one is, uh, a similar kind of steam up, we can look at that instead. So, um, see, not by a chosen primarily because it's being, and because it has, like, so it's good for the plan. So, um, then it has an information about controls and treated. So we can connect them. And it has information about drugs, so it's where we need to database for a string head and now, but, uh, you can maybe find it. Yeah, just, uh, Okay. Okay. I, I, I, I, I don't have a look. Okay. Okay. So you did play with that, uh, and, uh, Yes, I just, just, I have a, they have one of these database. So in the of the order that, um, I'm directed, uh, provide you better results for, um, Karen, you, you seem that not, not better than the direct data. Many, they are not that noise, noise, no, it's not very familiar. Yeah. Pretty much depends on how you construct the model. So, um, and also on the data, how big is that day to miss? Um, I just, uh, maybe, I just have a select, uh, I want, what's that, and the, um, direct data and, um, five, five hundreds, direct data and the content of the T-2. It's been training for so, so, maybe the total, total number, maybe the, uh, maybe 10, five hundreds, something? No, I see. Okay. Yeah, maybe, uh, it's not sufficient enough for making a notice of the, but, you know, who knows, um, any house. So, I think, uh, before we decide on the model, we need to first look at what's available. So, do this literature review, then, uh, this is kind of quite like, with the logic, as I told you, that's medium complex project, not simple one. So, then we'll need to meet each other and discuss what we have found, what you think is most appropriate. Yes, so I think, you know, about our next step. Yeah. Thing is that this need to be done, and, now you're kind of, I hope that we could have, you could meet already, last week, but now it's, uh, and this is the tunnel. Very high, it's, right? So, um, by 36, we're getting, kind of a plan about how we've planted for form the work. So, essentially, by this date, we need to have a model, uh, suggestion, some model suggestion. Also, suggestion about how you going to evaluate this model, how you going to compare it to competitors, how you, what exactly you want to study, that is, um, um, what evaluation metrics you want to use, is it like, um, MEMS, or whatever, what we're doing is the appropriate measure to evaluate them all. So, this needs to be discussed. Uh, so, based on that, I just want to look in my calendar, so we can decide, we will do that, and then we'll need to meet one more time, before we, before this date, so we can agree on what we have together. How are you? Are you working on working on the work, or not, or not? Can I pay you or not, uh, lets see about what we do, so, what is it not, what is it not, what is it not, so I think that we, that, that next week, I think we need to meet again, and talk about the model, What is your regular ability? Do you have some other activities? We have this time. No, no. Go working with them. Okay. 

That makes sense. Just maybe... 

Maybe fourth of February. Is it okay for you? Okay. Put nine same times. Then we'll meet them and discuss it again. 

I'm still using this paper. 

Right. So, yeah. Now, have a look at the data. Have a look at the main paper. I think that's a very interesting way to do that. So, that presentation you will need to present your data. The background to the problem. The data and the methodology that you want to use. And so, that you get that from the audience and from the examiner. On that. 

Right. That was everything I wanted to tell you. So, if you have more questions, just ask. 

So, just in the bottom. But, I thought about... 

In this, in this, we should have model exact models. Which I can make. Not exact models. It's more like... Not exact in the sense that you need to know every detail of your model. More or less to show, maybe, this structure, or else structure. For all the other people, understand, approximately how that works. So, is it the G-C-M or what components you've meant to use? What is the architecture approximately? So, we should have the exact structure. Well, again, not exact. But, yeah, approximately how it would look like. Okay. Of course, you can change it afterwards, but you need to have some proposal. So, show what's your current plan. And then you get a feedback from maybe after that we will change it, adopted, but you need to have some original or some initial idea. In each idea. Yes. We should display our timeline of those processes. But if you do this, then I think exactly how I appreciate that. If you show the timeline that you have planned to work, that is just care. But that should be like one slide, which will go through maybe 10 seconds. Very quickly. Focus on presentation methods, background, date. So, timeline should be like, last slide, showing that you have planned your work. And then we can go through it very quickly. So, 15 slides approximately. Okay. So, we have it for your presentation. You have 15 minutes. That's it. Okay. That's the question. Okay. Then you know what you need to do for the office space. I will ask you the boss where he comes. And then I will write a meeting there. So, then if positive then you can just come to that room. And take any readable place. So, it's the Ramlo things that are placed there. Whichever is free, you can just sit there. Okay. So, the next meeting, or next meeting, is the temporary boss? Yes. Nine. But then you can choose if you want physical or online. Yes, please talk. It's not really close. Yes. Yeah. If you have some questions before that, just mail me over or come and ask. Okay. Oh, yeah. One more thing I forgot. And then this thing. So, this is an internal project. So, then the idea is that the things that you do in this project will be a stocking point for me. And my other colleagues to write paper. So, we're like, we're when collaborating with students. We want to have our advantages as well as you understand. So, in our advantages that your research can contribute to our future papers. So, we normally ask students that are doing this internal. These are the works to assign this kind of agreement. You don't need to read it. Now you can take it with you. And then I will section there. So, this is not the end of this guy. But it's a template. I will fill it in for you. And I will ask you to sign for you. So, depending, I mean, you can of course, reject it. But in that case, I mean, yeah. It's more about amount of attention and effort I will put in your project, right? So, if I know that I can use your results later in my future research, then I probably will put more effort in your project than it's scheduled. You will get more assistance. I could sign change. Just look, maybe it's not acceptable to me. It's not you only to do it now. Just take it with you and do it together. But next time we meet, I can fill it in with your name and do your details. And then you can make it as soon as you can. 

Thanks a lot, pleasure. 

Yeah, basically, ideas that you feel using your results like, at least as it says here, it's more than 10 percent. Down there, you will be called sort of the paper. If less than so, then you will be just recognized kind of moment of minutes. Let's make the idea of this agreement. 

Okay, so then, yeah, we'll meet each other in our own fourth and put your time into a certain polythriture and looking at the data. So you are now already delaying, because I mean, you're supposed to start already last week. So now you need to really work intensively and put both of time. Of course. Yeah. Okay, good luck. So if something, then just mail me or ask out to my own. Can't keep that paper. Just wish one. Yes, please. Yes, please. 

Yes, please. 

Yeah, as I'm just using, like, idea that the roads here below, it's not that you're supposed to follow that. It's one possibility. If you find something else, you're about time. Something like that. 

Yeah, I'm just going to do that. So, yeah, I'll show you. This is not this simplest project. So you really need to work hard. Yes, at least I have it. If there's, I think there's a lot of work. It's definitely the comparative. Comparation is another model. It's what we're talking about. Yeah, this is the product one way or another. You're only going to work. Yeah, that's the best. 

Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. Yeah, that's the best. 