You have a clean aim and you have to discuss that but I think you are not showing the third one. As in to examine the contribution of the drug targeted formation and the sure way to death. And then I think the uncertainty analysis is not really done. I think to be if you have like mean and variance predictions, why did you not evaluate the negative flow of likelihood? So I think you check that this coverage thing and then you know some of the few plots. But like if you wanted to do a simple plot like if you want to have a quantitative result I think you would just provide like the test negative flow of likelihood. Yes, this kind of didn't provide the exact exact. Yes, these are the main things and then I think I had a few like this is not critical like style of the ease and sometimes like figures are like crazy big which doesn't need to be for almost all figures I always ask myself is this like did you do the figure? I mean in the results I guess you did but like in the introduction and method it's like the figure comes from you or do you borrow it from someone else and where's the the credit of the figure like the you know the origin? 

I said the whites but there's a lot of whites based everywhere and I think it's just because like a figure is too big and then you really want to have to figure at this place. This is my comment. 

I think you also described like the level of detail is sometimes a bit weird and I said the graph convolutional network you describe it in like one or two pages. Yeah, did you ever use it? No, yeah, then I was like why am I reading this? Yeah, I did the same thing that came from. And then I think it's it's crazy trade-off between like if you talk about like dense layers and regularization and and and activation functions and stuff it's I think if you do it you have to do it kind of like 

decently and there's like a few things that I would I would have differently or I think it's not not super informative. As in if you see that the thesis should be understood by your peers right and if you never if he has like a very superficial knowledge about neural networks then I'm not sure if this this actually helps or you know what I mean. So yeah, your target audience statistics must have you. Yeah, yeah, we need to think we talked about it already. Yes, yeah, yeah. As like one simple example is like normalization layer is like this new batch. It's like how do you compute that what exactly do you mean? Is it like the input data points at average or is it like after an activation or something? This is like if you if you know it, it's I mean it's clear because like you you see some bits of pieces and then you have sufficient knowledge that you can you know construct like the full picture but like I think if you if you never heard about it and I'm not sure if this is part of your curriculum like if you learn about normalization layers in your studies. There's not a lot of things. Not directly right so if you're peers like the people who studied with you didn't learn it in class and then they first see it in your thesis then it should be explained such that they can understand. Yes, before for these part I before before I started meeting these papers I have had these parts very clearly on my thesis but before one day I actually get a these part of my chips thesis because I think this is not the concentration of the key part of our matrices so I delete these parts. Now I mean two super small comments before we move on. First of all, I think you have like this the tables for like the hyper parameters. I think you have like three approaches and the mid-wondent habits. And then I'm not sure if you ever evaluate like any other choice like you said this lambda to five but like yeah yes this is what's the effect of the lambda like that? Yeah I think it's a little too seven. Any? Yeah I don't have because I chose this because I have to take some test about this lambda 35 big but you know that when I run one time for this journey to where I take a while long time so for this I don't show that the plot when we chose different lambda and on the performance so we don't show the different elements but I have take some test on the different lambda so but I don't show this plot. So some plot under the under maybe related I mean I understand your your your argument related thing would be you only did like a single training run right yes. So it's like I train a one once and I train this model once and then I compare the numbers but it could be that I'm just like lucky and like fighting a better opportunity here and like a burst of tune there and then it's not really you know conclusive so ideally but you would like to train in multiple times and then we take whatever it is like every performance is to kind of like hear out that we are by chance we ended up in a very good or very bad optimum yes but I I kind of get your argument that if it runs I mean for two days when you left of then you know what I do it like you know 20 times I understand that but maybe at least um maybe make a comment right okay also for like this hyperparameter optimization if you have that 10 hyperparameters I don't expect you to do everything right but you could at least like do maybe one and then you say like this is what we would have or be typically do I just do it for one because of computational constraints whatever if I had a lot of compute and time I would do it for all the rest but you know I at least show it for one that I know that it has to be done it doesn't mind over coming second thank you can go up and fight this so just remember if sometimes interrupt and give a work like that so that you can comment in case you have something to say I will drop you yeah okay as I told you when I tried to understand your thesis I had to search for the some biological terms and I had to search in trend I think that's very if you can add a list of every agency to identify what are the biological terms you use in the thesis when people send they have to search in the internet to find figure out what are the you mean something like loss or write I mean the biological terms I hear some valuable terms I can do about some kind of solid one like to I mean in the test I can do them in the name of that but I'm just a bit closer to the background and I have a few things start 

yes this is a name of gene yeah but I'm saying if you're not familiar with the topic you start reading and it's like what is this oh it's also I should have gave a list of different gene and in the beginning of the this is what you also mean with abbreviation sometimes there's like this capitalized small things where like what is this yes yeah yeah if you have a list then we can click on the uh and then you can quickly see what is that yes I have tried to add some tables to explain this maybe key criteria in the you can see in my last chapter the results chapter I have given a lot of give a table and explain what's this drug-edged means and it was drug-edged touched on which gene and with what this gene the the the indeed the gene yes part part means what is this past drugs on which gene I give some explain it last chapter so this have well had another maybe I have had another table in the beginning of the six institutions then you can read this word to that table yes in in lyrics you can link this oh yes so you you you're right so you can link this to the table yeah past three results 

okay I mean the list of figures I think you can use a short caption each time because in the entire caption in the list of figures section you can add a separate short caption then you can add that caption to the list of figures oh okay you include the whole I think in the list of figures section that's a minor comment maybe 

because because in my features there's so you're already related to some maybe a large biological data so I just want to make a more detailed description on this plot or on these features so I don't I don't so I don't want to show maybe the shots shot this description wanted to let the the PR or the reader understand what the plot means now what he means is that you have two descriptions of short and long one the long one is still at the figure but like the short one is here oh okay I understand okay yeah I include the thing that you can right like that caption oh okay well I will correct this yeah and you can do same in here the list of tables as well oh yes thank you I will correct okay your background is a clearly good and I haven't found any wait wait this is like this I just weird right it's a lot of ways oh and then I think you can do a better job with like the first sentence is like imagine the thesis is about like probabilistic regression you say probabilistic regression is slow and you know expensive it's tough yes but like why don't you start like with a positive things right you say like probabilistic regression is like very good because like if you're also like I'm certainly yes there's a lot of that and then you can say like all those good things like comment the price and like there's also like things that are like could be done better but you directly jump in it's like it's bad because so you could also say like you know there's like a lot of good things that happened and then there's something that could be proved maybe yes just a 

see this is also like crazy big thank you to if this is like half or like the third of the size you can still understand everything in the figure and then did you do the figure or no yes these figures I want you generate by the I I I I I want you I'm you generated yeah yes yeah okay then can you could just write that you generated it using blah blah blah blah yeah yeah I think it was just like where is it come from did you take it from the mother thesis and then you you don't side it or just like it would be unclear okay 

can I go through only my comments because there are a lot of subsections yes that's the growth high as you normally page by page as I say much 

okay here you explained about how the experiment is done I mean in the biological side of the experiment yeah yes so it's the high-through as throughput is the where the say as data comes from yes so this experiment we can maybe do the do the experiment you can each where in this picture we can do the dependent experiment and we can parallely do the mainly experiment at the same time so we can get a lot of data at the same time and the causal maybe a little money on this due to get this experiment data and yes this this and the feature is the last feature is is explained the first feature so so how how which the where in the in this plant so each where in this plant the the small round container can carry a dependent experiment and maybe the different the different the different clom used the different compound and the same grow used the same compound 

different drugs yeah yes so you you can say that you can say the the first yes the first we use the same drugs you right so the first row and the first the first six clom used the same drugs and it has browned the clom eight to to to cloms chow and the first row used another same drugs yes the colors carry new no no the the carries the you the carries no caraminis yes no no manis from the control are green right so then yeah the the first column is the control there's no any drugs yes the the MSO is the is also is so because because some some drug cannot divide into the water so but they can combine with the MSO so use this replace of the water if you get the due to the experiment and the MSO is a damn so it's because some you can use it is a kind of a hearty say it's a water yes it can replace the water because some drug cannot combine with the water so use the MSO to replace it so that you can actually simplify it and just write control if you write control it doesn't change anything right so it's not affected by anything okay did you do you do you do figure no I I've found it on the I mean that's that case we have to credit to find that there we have to acknowledge that okay so 

yeah it's a little about the ummevac right sorry you explained about the graph right ummevac what where your graph is coming from I mean in this section you explained a little bit about the 

ummevac this yes this is this is a database so yes this is a database so this database they have they have yes this this guys is created this database and a user algorithm that they have used this algorithm you select all the other database and combine the other database into one so this one is called the only pass so this database where updated maybe at one time every week will every year to update itself use his algorithm to select data from other database yeah you can see the number of evidence in that database yeah yes so yes they integrate data from other database and the due to to abandon the disaster 

the second part of the third one and to compare the model with base-mine baseline models and to examine the contribution of the drug target in a fashion did you do that sorry which part and examine the contribution of the drug target information 

did you do that I think uh drug third case I think you once had this count of actual idea where you said like this x drug to zero yes but this is then only part of the loss part of the evaluation whether this information carries meaning I think all of the three models take a x drug as important yes yes so so I have considered it about this because so so exam the issue the ad not experiment in the last third result to show death this zero drug and a control factor drug loss function will work so I have a little result so that's this so where you have all three models and then you just zero out the input for x drug yeah yeah so I have the exact so this this control factor drag loss function will improve the maybe the attention attention and exercise in in the last three days so if you use the drug the attention uh drug control factor loss function you can find that's attention we have a cluster so you can also find some the drug we are concentrated on some specific genes or some space pass but I don't need to have time to show that in in my last result you don't do you do that yeah yes okay I don't know what you actually think when we started this aims but right now you have quite a lot of results and these are quite lengthy so I don't know but maybe just maybe examiner can maybe give a bit of better advice but maybe just was just to cut it off this last piece of and keep it as comparison and a certain result go without contribution of the drug target so then you would need another set of experiments that would make it even more lengthy okay and I stay okay okay we can mention that maybe the future work yeah yeah actually it's not here for me where you state that the research cap that your model accuracy in this related section maybe you mentioned that in any else research cap yeah so maybe maybe I don't have specified that the gap so because this this part I have have presented in the proposal meeting yes that because many many young use use this gene graph to can't kill but the is the molecular network molecular network and not are used to not use the gene to contract another another maybe other type of the neural graph network but our specific so our unique is to contribute graph by the own mini pass and the use the only use the drug attack touch it so this is our unique so but maybe I should present our unique in this related work you have been at the end you can mention that these papers only use these things and we have yes I think you are right 

include a lot of details about your data and I didn't notice many shows in there 

yeah the high quality synchronities a generated do not because I know it there are some issues in the phone and my intention was that you had to claim that this generated by this AI yeah yes yes so so so so I was not very good about this it is a picture yes so because 

because this data processing is very complex so I want to use AI to generate some these data processing but I think it is not a looks very good but I think that's fine we can you'll say it but we have to mention that I think yes maybe I need to plot these by myself 

like when the what is that is marked this thesis uses level three data like why look like you know sometimes you make statements like this and then the reader is like why not level four it's just like you don't have to say it now but like if you have like those kind of like the sign choices or statements it would be sometimes the reader wonders why and then you could maybe you have a reason right because many other people use level three or because you think that level three is most appropriate because of cloud lab lab lab but sometimes the reason is that this and my the next question is little bit similar to that and here you mentioned that the full genes that is this much something 12000 and you only this landmark and what is it like yes I I were explaining this also in this this thesis I totally used the 900 and the 78 to the landmark genes so but I worry I have the some part of the results of the total genius was the 1000 and the 700 I part of the results but not the total result is just the same as the material the exercise as the gene the landmark genes so I have total path last so so after this reversion media where I add a part of this result to the to the thesis is I will surely add some part of not the the the where every every part of the result like like landmark gene I have some I already get some results but and the reason is that is computational in more expensive takes more time yes we have to risk the earth the earth the model so much the earth of maybe you cause the one day to to to to run the results and you need to mention that yes you cut the computations and that way 

here it is about the data tables right now this picture of the table yeah 

because initials in drop it has nothing it is not in the next 

You explain about the Omnipart data. Yes, and also another data side. To be the data side. Yes. So, because for the, for the, for the, yeah, and say yes, for the level 3 data base, it has, it's not have three tables, maybe three tables and each level, maybe about more than one. More than eight Gs, maybe some, some. So, so we have, do a lot of the filter process and data. 

So, could you briefly explain your data pre-processing, when you turn that. Okay, so, because so we have to think. We, I use this, this data processing as the use as the from from from another paper. So, you will call this data processing as random match. So, because the same, you, you, we as the pre-processed chapter, so we have many, we can get a, this experiment at a many times. So, we one drag, one plant, we have get a many related experiment. The same on the same drag. So, how, but how do you relate to the control data and other experiment, the treatment data, control them to get together. So, which was the, which was the same drag, same sales, same plant, and maybe the same, it's positive time. And, the, throughout the special value from these two, both of two, they are set and select, the data, that has, select data, that has same drag, same sale, and the same, maybe the bench, and then, we random match them together. So, maybe one, because one tree control, control, control, simple, have, yes, random select, one treatment data from the treatment data set. And we can, yes, we can match three times. So, we can use this to increase our number of test ads, to increase the diversity of our data set, and to get maybe a better results. But, we only match three times because the memory of the computer. So, if we increase this, this, maybe, maybe, other memory, and the, the, the, the, the, yes, the, the program, we are, correct, correct. So, so, so, I only select three, so, and I have tried to try match two times, and one time, so, there will be a, there will be a, there will be a, select improvement, but I don't show that, but we will, if the data has a improvement. So, you show how you, amount of data reduced after you filter in, right, if I can understand this plot. Sorry. This plot is not, yes, so, because we have a lot of data for, for, so, it's, project time, we have several, it's project time, maybe 24 hours, 88 hours, and maybe some of them even the, 80, 86 hours. So, we just use the 24 hours because in this time, the gene has enough time to express expression. There, there, there, there, there, there, there, and 10, 10, 10, M, as it's enough to let the gene express. So, and many, and many of other papers also support this configuration. So, we use this. Yeah, the, the, the expression is regarding the, three control, yes, yes, I will only use this because of the memory of the computer. Yeah, and also you mentioned, if there are no three control exist, then you, sound print with three placement. Uh, in that case, yes, yes, so some, we can find three matches. Yes, so, let's say, only has two available in the third, you control two controls. Yes, so, so, so, maybe, so this time, we will just, because we, and then we use same, same plan to understand, maybe same, juggle, yes, so in this time, we are, this three theaters, we can't, this kind of one. So, we don't use the same plant. So, we just use the same cell, same struggle and the same batches. So, we, this kind of world, the theaters, so due to, to make it, for fair, for fair, these three times, three times matches. And correct me if I wrong, when, when you, uh, resound, bring like that, they, they become a copy of the role because you again, get the same control and the different, Yes, it will be a happy to say. Yes, it will be a happy repeat. So, the copy of the roles, uh, including to the theaters, right? But once you, uh, resound, please. Yes, uh, maybe, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, okay, because, uh, either we are, you don't have data, the location is okay. Yes. So you mean that we have the rep-hates? Yeah, one is you sampling again. Yes, but there will be two with the same copy of the rows. Yes, but I will make sure that the same criteria are not these appear both in the trains that test test test. That's the exact same in the train set, either where PR2 times is okay. Okay. You can be so people's like me. I think what you could consider is a bit of a restructuring of the content. So for example, the reason I'm talking about this here is that sometimes I wish that you said very clearly that what we are doing is like a regression setting. And then I have like two inputs maybe this variable, this variable, maybe this comes from this data, this comes from that data set. And then I have like, and many train samples that I'm using for training my model. And like the input is in total, like I don't know, 5,325 dimensional. And then my target is whatever dimensional and then my train set has this size, and my test set has this size and blah blah blah, right? And then this is kind of like clear. Also, I'm talking about the field because sometimes you could be very confused. I really like something like super wise target like this. So then sometimes I was my initial thought was like, if this is your input and this is your input and then you just do the subtraction and this is your target. I mean, there's no model you just do with the friends. And it's obviously not like that, right? But sometimes the phrasing suggests that. Sometimes I think you are phrasing leads you to thinking in a different way. So instead the problem is super trivial, but it's not because of the phrasing. And then you could also think like, what's a standard machine learning paper would be to have like the data after the model. Like you sketch a little bit like I want to do that. This is how I do it. This is kind of like the data I use and the baseline and then I do my experiments. But you talk about your data quite early. I think you can do that. This is a design choice. I don't care. I don't care. The same for like related work. Some people really have a very early. Some people also prefer to have that end. So in my point of view, if you talk about a lot of models like GCN, blah, blah, blah, blah, and if you explain that, then it could make sense to have the related work after that or like at the very end or whatever. But this is a design choice. You can do it whatever you want to do it. But it should make sense in a sense, right? So if you talk about a lot about like GCNs and then you explain it like 20 pages later. And maybe the, like the placement is suboptimal. Where you can think about it. But also like here for example, you talk a lot about data and then later on you talk about this is, you know, you can use it for regression or for classification and this is my input and stuff. And I think if you would know that before the data, that is to me, you would make more sense. Well, you can have a different opinion. You could have a different opinion. You could have a different opinion here. But then at some point like mentioned stuff, right? Like what is clear, like your input from which data set does it come, how big is the size or how kind of this information? I think what's the best thing is saying that you could be more specific or a here. Maybe not even mentioning the more exact model or architecture about saying, this is what I have. They are inputs. This is the targets in my model, which I will explain later. But at least you are clear about what, what is your input and what you want to predict. Very clear even in that compact way and how big data is and so on. 

Here include details about how you pre-process OmnDRAW data right? Yes, this is a processing of the Omnipass. 

I don't notice any major issues in the theory but you explain a lot of theories. But I think I found one, I showed you. Here is a very mind-enjoying in your this dropout plot. You may have to dash this line now. Yes, the dash line means the job hours. Yes, the job hours. So because this plot costs a lot of time to plot this picture. If you draw this, there is no output that's the right. Yes, this is a plot by myself. I don't know how you do the plot but if you say this is a vector graphic, it's to be least trivial to change stuff. Like whenever you have a vector graphic, you can you can stop there a lot of things. So you just open it and you back to graphic program and you click on it and say, make it dash and then you can go up. And then you can go up. See, before you come here, you say like this is several of it in layers. So if you're completely new to the topic, why don't you just lay it in the exact number. And then FFN will just have to end. Oh, okay. So FFN is a follow-up. What is this? It's a four-day, a four-day, four-day network. Yeah, if I feel good. You should say what it means, right? But I have a beautiful network of people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But no, you actually have to make the connection now. And why are like half of them like dashed? Yes, this is a job out. I mean, the reader would be like, why is it? And then what comes out here, right? I mean, this is X going in, but what would happen to you was this? Oh, if this is free. And then come on, come to the desktop. I think you never used the ND out again. Yeah, yes. That is the destination. I mean, to explain what is the ND in what is the out, both of the whole notations was the explain. But like, where do I, like, I kind of see the W, right? Because the W is basically all here. And then where is the B? Technically, if it's like there's like a B coming and also affecting all this stuff. How all this that? So I think there's not a super crazy correspondence. So here, I think you could do a little bit of a better job if you do it. Right? Then if you scroll a little bit down. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Stop. And here's like, you've never said what the loss is. You never defined this. And sometimes you say a two regularization, what does it mean? Right? So this is not that I don't believe you that you don't know it. It's just like you have to prove that you know it for, and also for the nation. And you know that's not all the further. But again, it's statistical thesis. Yeah. The aggregation, the Latino, the norm is not what the long-term statistical master. So then you need to have, like, all these things to explain. A little bit more rigorous, and then. If you talk about rigor, you could also say whenever you introduce new variables, you could give the space. Because this would suggest I could also set it to minus five. But typically, it's not negative, right? So, I mean, you can just say like the lambda right to equal zero is doing whatever. Then one thing I also found a little funny is that you first talk about dropout and regularization. So it's dropout and regularization something different. Yes, yes, yes. That's a connection between the two. Yes, the job out is can be a not a type of a regularization. Ah, yeah. Well, you know it, right? But if I just read the thesis, I get impression that you don't notice. Okay. Right? Because I'm like, you presented this two different things. You could say like the special case before the general case, and then you don't even mention the connection. So, okay. It's like either like, now I'm in the, I have the problem like don't you know it or don't you tell me. It's a bit better than it. And then here, right? Where does the new batch come from? What like the sigma square batch? Where does it come from? How do you, again? There's someone who has never heard about it like if there should be a pre-immediate that I, how do I do it? What does the mini batch activation A? I think technically it was, I think it was the H vector probably. But now it's called A. And then there's the, the, the epsilon appearing. Well, you never talk about it. Yeah, it's two different, different, several. I think it's a little bit more. Yeah, you need to polish the sex off quite heavily. Okay. I think you introduce lambda and builder here, but not all right. Not all of that. Yeah. We'll be about to explain. Yes. 

Okay, we need to explain the, uh, ground neural networks. Awesome. Yeah, yeah. That's a great. She got a little bit up. You in the, in the lay on batch nodes, you talk about mini batches, which you never mentioned before, but then it comes with the mini batch learn in the regular optimizer. That's the first time a mini batch kind of appears in text. So we use word, meaning batch before you even introduce. Yeah. Okay. You used the loss before, but you never specified it. And now the loss has like a substrate, uh, which is probably like the loss of the mini batch, but again, I have to kind of like inferred up from context. And I do my own thinking to make that connection. That's just a bit like a great zero. Yeah. And then here, I think the graph. It's, I think you had a graph before. I think on the top right. And you call it a graph in the network. And like, this is just a graph. And I don't see the network aspect here. But here, I've like, global attribute. So I guess this is like a, maybe a feature vector for the entire graph. But then that this node attributes act on those things. It's really clear. Like here, I think you will say that the edges is on an edge. And there's like a highlighted one here. Then you could say like, if I follow the idea, then maybe, you know, the nodes are of these, but that this is green. This is kind of green. Yeah. So it's this special node. It's this is the global node. And I think that you know, if you know what the stuff is about, it's obvious. But if you're new to the topic, I think you can be quickly confused by those things. 

And then you know, it's about the graph direction and message passing. Yeah. Yeah. So so in this, this, because our only pass, that the gene, one gene, Rackulate analogy, yes, they have direct. So maybe he, he with or, attitude or, I'm active, or active with another gene. So they have direct. So we use the draft graph in this system. 

Okay, this is about delay, it's right to need how more layers than. Yes, yes. Yes, so so we, we can, so one, one load, one load we have. We have a aggregate, that that that that that that that that his neighbors. So one layer, they will, where we are, we are, we aggregate that that his neighbor. And then the second layer, he will. Yes, they will, we're going to the, the node from maybe. Longer. 

So I want to say like, what's the neighborhood? My pet is the neighborhood. Yes, the neighborhood. Yeah, I have what you never mentioned. I have to do the mental thing in the mental. 

And the Sebastian is a lot because he's expert in the field. Did you have another exam or like, damn. Yes, I. I know. I guess he would get even more critical. If you drop the little, I don't thought of the little for me. I, I, I, I swear, a lot of time to understand what happened. This is, good comment because maybe. Graphic, it's not part of your curriculum. Yeah. So you, you're not necessarily learning it. Yeah. So all the peers do not know about it. So you have to do, you're fine with learning. Yes. Good job. 

So where does the, where does this come from? What is that? Yes, these may be another, maybe the Max Poly or other. Other, a situation, method, like still. It's not function. Outside. What, what could I be? Uh, that's a picture. 

Oh, look at that. Hmm. Is that a number of any? 

Hmm. Oh. 

Oh, this, this, this, this is just because I, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You're like, you just have like, he's new to graph from networks, right? So far, everything he saw is like graphs. There's like, no, there's like edges. I just connect notes, blah, blah. Where is the neural network in the graph from network? 

Did I know, for, you know, because he should know, right? After reading it. Yeah. Okay. You don't have to explain it now, but like, it should be reconsidered. Because, you need to move on again. Yes. 

Thank you. 

So what is parameterized? What is non-genier? This should be, you know, where non-genier it comes in, which function is like, then you know, where parameters come in to play. Yes, because I, as showed this in the pictures, the neural information is a new information. Yeah. Yeah. They, this graph can also show it. And I also want to know why you introduce this here. It's a lot of videos and not can I, you know, find you use that in the, Yes. This is what you're talking about. Yes, just remember what. Yes, correct. Maybe you try to motivate the attention. You can use them. Throw this graph, convolution networks. No, no. I don't think you said that, convolution. Yeah, I mean, the, as a result. I think maybe you have tried different approaches on the beginning. And then you have this text because you didn't know, which approach you will finally use. So this is, this was kept. Tell. Yeah, as I understood, the attention mechanism is kind of a replacement of the convolution, the graph neural data site. In convolution it creates based on the neighbors. And as I understood, do you include that here to motivate the attention? Yes, yes. So I think it is far as I, it's not, maybe it's not correct. Tutu, tutu, and them here. Because I just want to demonstrate that there are a lot of rare and of the journal network. They have GCL and the JT. So it's, so I don't even know. Something that you use, then you don't need to have it in to your, yes, correct. Just then, and nothing leaves the screen. 

Okay, here's being how the attention is. Yes, so because the, the two, two roles, they have, they have, they have, they have a note, they have it has it's feature. It's also, so this is clear. The other, the note, this is, the demonstrate. There are all features and the, every feature has, maybe, yes, GCL through all linear transaction. And then they were used this conjunction to, to, to, to, kicked them together and used the. But, literally, relative, calculate the importance. It's, can't go attention value. And then, you make the, you use the software to make them, make the, import the attention value to, into the importance. So, course. And then, we, we get back to the, how do you say it? How do you say it? How do you, how do you, to calculate the attention value and then, maybe the dot, use the dot, calculate, to, to, to, to, to get back, get it, and, to, to, to, update the, not features. And the, the, the, our, our important features means that, er, in the, having our features, I've, use the, uh, use, I've got to, the tension scores and get a new, our, for the nature's and this is how, for the, this is how things, so we just put it, currently, we just put it, this is, so we put it, it's a lot of. So, you know, if you didn't use the say, and I know, if you didn't use an attacking feature, we're, it's the update of the not features. In here. Yes, also, all other nodes, right? Yes, all of the nodes. yes, theirs. Yes, he, he, he, he, he importance where it goes to update it. It does not feature and it can do the new features. Okay. There you are. You use a lot of variables here. You also can make it to, you know, say, what kind of variables do you see here, right? This is probably also very good, right? So maybe this goes in somewhere here. I'm just making stuff up, right? This is like the set, which is not, that same is the set that we put the set here or whatever. Yes, correct, so I should. What does that mean, you're done? Yes, thought day. No, I don't know. What is the thing? The thing here? 

Yeah, it's bad if you don't know. It's really stable. We can go on. Yes. At least you didn't say that day, I'm parallel to each other. That's a good sign. How does enormous machine work? 

Green here, it's been testing. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I'm just going to do that. I understood in your model, the uncertainties coming from the output of the model, right? Without using the multiple seats, you just get output the value of the, what we call this. I'm not sure the name. The activation values on the like that and the uncertainty, right? The variance. Yes, yes. What does that mean? I mean. How the uncertainty is coming to your predictions in your model? I mean, how you quantify the uncertainty of the predictions of your model? So you put, like we can say mean and the standard device. Sing a mic. I noticed that coming from the model output, right? Yeah, yes. Come from what outputs? Yeah, why use that? That's a benefit of using grab neural networks. Or that's why you just that. Yes, because it's the most the easiest way to get the, get the, the means and the pickup. Because from my side, you, you, you, you, you, you use different seats to get the uncertainty and the, maybe just pick them up. And the, you have, you have a causal all of time. And it's because it's wrong, wrong array experiments because a lot of time. So your space, maybe you would be your space, because in the last function, and then we, one time, what use, ground one experiment that we are automatically get the sigma and the means. So this is, maybe, uh, easy, easy way of to, to, to directly get the mean and the stigma. Yeah, I have the question because I, I know something like that before, that we can directly get the, yes, this, this is, this is, because the, comes from the professor, yes, this is. Oh, yes, yes. Yeah. So, new linear regression, you estimate sigma. If you're thinking that, it's, what happens is cost by residual. So this is similar principle. Uh-huh. Well, here, and then it's, maybe you don't even stay in that, you are assuming that your variance is non constant over the, and this is why you, this is simple. But yeah, maybe something else need to decide about, um, uncertainty that you don't account for when running, or different states, and then, it's not more uncertainty, which is not, you know, it's not important. 

Is it available with variation of the order? Um, um, 

and there you go, if the target is model, and with the Gaussian distribution, is it ready? Uh, yes, yes, yes, it's just a, maybe. The target in your case is like the difference between the two axis, right, the X, whatever, control the target, whatever. There's difference, you have two things, and you take difference, and you have the difference factor, is this that model of the Gaussian distribution? Um, yes, so we just assume that they followed the Gaussian distribution. But we don't see the, to verify that it's really follow the Gaussian distribution. 

So, you have to find the difference, but I have noticed in the issues. It's a bit late, it's a bit late. Uh, should I throw that? No, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That sentence to me screams like it once a, a reference. Oh, okay. Sometimes it's not even whatever, and then, yeah, yeah, which, yeah, okay. 

Look how do we know, forget. Hmm. I think it's the first time the C, A, G, and then appears. Oh, yes, correct, it did this, this, this, this name is introduced in the, the last chapter. Yeah, it's the control factor. Can't you fix that? That's the tension. Did you get what a contact? No. No. That's good. That's good. You have to change something. Okay. 

The thing is, I had to quickly understand a lot of things. When I read this, this is, I don't know much. I'm starting. But I think you can say, this is super important, right? Because this is like your main method. Yeah. Yeah. That's the way to get this. This is the way to get this. 

This is how you operate the mill. Yes, this is the baseline. So this is from the tip curve. So the pack, we will change some structure over the base model. Yes, this changes some code from the tip curve model. Yeah, I explained that. So here you can also say like the graphic works and it's like film. I'll have to size. Then you could have. I mean, it looks like you only have like three input dimensions. But you have much more. So you could also write down the actual variables of saying, because here it's like the input is like two axis. So you can say like the x, the x, the x, the x, the x, the x, the x, the x, the x. Say, yeah, can x. Whatever, right? So technically the input is like two times 800, whatever dimensions. And the output is also two times 800 dimensions, right? Because you have 800 moves, which is like the difference. And then you have 800 of the variance terms. Right? You could like, I think it will be easier if you if you're stated like this. Because then everyone would directly understand it. Wow. 

You think now, you. I'm sure removal of this. Because now, we've just learned to print value. So it's not butterer. Conc phảize 잘 without Butterermy. You can feel the loss of functions. Yes, the function is the same as the previous chapters. The first baseline model is a fatal activation in the end of the night, right? Because this is what you introduced in the background. Do you have an idea of the parameter count of each model? No, I don't. I don't take care of this count. You could look it up, right? If the baseline model has half a million parameters and the next one has 10 million parameters? You can count it with a few standard flow of my daughter's material. I don't think I did it. Total amount of time. 

It's technically easy to say, right? If the next one has like a lot of parameters, then wouldn't it be fair to add just like a hidden layer on the first one? It's similar to the one I'm using. Maybe it's just weaker because it has much less capacity. I think it's a two-layer. Yeah, it's two layers. So it has one hidden layer that's it. Hidden output. Two, two, head and layers. Hidden in output. Hidden in an output. 

How many parameters? Yes, this parameter is followed. Most of the follow-up tip-off papers. Yes, there is a dimension. That here? No, no. 

This is what this actually mentioned here. 

This is the graph baseline. Yes, this is the graph baseline. So this is the same as the some different from our graph. So we have the JT, just attention. This is the graph baseline. Use the Haker Journal. Haker Journal is yes, HIP graph. So this graph is not only the gene node. They combine the drag, drag and the drag protein and the gene as the combine this three types of nodes together. So these, they are sometimes different from us. So they are data is so batching, but I will explain about it. Because in our experiment we only have the drag and the gene data. So we don't have in the original paper. The GSM has used something other data that we don't have. So we just use our data we have to construct the graph. You have many addition to the drug targets. Do you use something else? In addition to drug target produce. Yes, so in the original paper, they have used some RNA data. Yes, RNA data. And other, so we don't have the RNA data. So we don't only have the drag and the drag and the gene. So maybe we lack some part of the from the original paper in the graph. 

And for the GSM, only use GSM. Yes, this is a large assumption. Yes, this is a large assumption for all the original data. Because this is the original, for all the original papers, the lost function. Don't change this. There is potential to add this PCC, the lost function. Yes, so we can do that. Yes, we can. We can. You can use data in the node. You compare this PCC values between this GSM and your main model. But here, that's not a learning objective of the GSM and model. But you compare PCC values. Yes, so we can. We could correct this, this was function to the same with the, our model and the baseline model. But in that case, we have the return. Yes, but we have to decide that to, this appropriate. Yes, that. So which I just want to follow the original paper. And because we, we have unified all the inputs. But in the lost function, yes, different paper have different solutions. So we don't change this part of what the GSM. But I think this is not our main, main, main consideration. Because in our masters, our system, we can only control the input. So so for the loss of function, we, I don't change the original paper. So you can say like, it compares to the one before and one after. You just have MSE, the other one have like the Gaussian. So basically the difference is that the other one's also divided by the predicted variance. And we have a variance regularized there. It's just a plus log, a sigma squared. So this is the difference from here. So basically here you cannot evaluate kind of like the uncertainty. You only compare it from here. Yes, yes, so we don't. First and third model not from the second. Yes, we don't. And you also don't have the PCC term as a C mentioned, right? Yes, so people could say it's unfair because you technically optimising for something different. So it's not the architecture. It could be that just like the, the loss term makes a difference. You can't say that, right? Because you never compared it. You never, yeah, maybe you'll try to adopt architecture, be to say. And then you also say it does not include the counter-factor of interest terms. What's that? And you also read it like at the end of it. Yeah, yeah. It's like the order. I think that ambition was like to keep the base lines as they were introduced as much as possible. Not to change it to something else because then it's not that model anymore. So that we want to claim that we compare with that method. We don't want to change the null functions or anything like that. So, but of course that needs to be clean and expanded. So that case metrics that would compute estimation. It's not treated that. Are you making two versions, right? If you don't make the one with the null wave or the ice, this is again more compute and stuff. But here, maybe you saw. There's no table of hyper per year. Yeah, yes. This one here at the next one has it for this one, doesn't it? Yes, I was a change to optimise, right? Because it's done a gradient based trading not out of. First, the third and out. Oh, you know. Okay, so I'm just mentioning that. Did you do the GSMN yourself? Are you running the code from the developers? I just changed the input of the input because we only have the driver and the imp. So we just changed the code from the others. From the user, the code from the authors of the paper. Yes, also the paper. Yeah. The TT has the data resources and that changes the input. Are you saying that somewhere? Are you mentioning it somewhere? No, no. Because you could mention that if you use code from others, or make a statement like what did you do and what did you use from others? Okay. 

Yeah, I noticed that something confused because you use two attention blocks. But I think it's the same thing like it's not to attention blocks. Yeah, this is the same as the plot in the JT. And the other thing is, this silver attention where this not much accurate T, because silver attention means another thing I think in the transformers. But here's not that silver attention, right? I mean in this block you write silver attention. But it's not the silver attention you see in transformers. So for me it's confusing. 

Because yes, when we calculate the attention where the attention where the attention where the we are calculated with the terms of also with the results, the labors. Yeah, this attention value. Then this is for labels, right? Yes, yes. 

But the silver attention means it's not that in the transformers. 

It has a different meaning at the end. It's because every note, I don't know, he has his own. This is about the silver loop. 

So in the JT, JT now, so, 

how do you say? So if they want to calculate, so you should calculate its own states. Yeah, not in the biological background. Usually you should not only calculate about your neighbors. But also consider about your self's. Yeah. So this is why we should calculate the silver attention. So we have every agents, so the graph agency, we add the silver loop. Because without this we can't do it. Do you claim the concept of self attention anywhere? Okay, so yes, in the JT we should look. Yeah, I think what you did just you add the own note details into the list of the, as the neighbors write. Okay, yes, correct. I should. Yeah. Yeah. 

Yeah, there are two questions already, so we have to take a look. Yeah. 

I think the first method also has a loss PCC, but here you explain it like what it means, right? Previously it was just like fusion correlation or a good conclusion. But here we actually provide the equation for it. The same word, I think the LCF, when you appears here, and then you search for LCF, you don't find it. And then basically let the second prediction of the LCF. So it's basically just in text, right? It's basically sentence, right? Another uses a zero drug, how is it vector? So you could also give it a equation to make it clear. And then I guess the LCF, that one, that one. 

Yeah. 

That's the same question regarding the hyper parameter. Yeah, I would give. So it's for help from it, it's also, but it's stupid. It just used maybe the, it just has to be, the hyper parameter comes, maybe some is comes from the deep cough. You have to use the same same configuration from the deep cough. And maybe about the tension has, the number of tension has, and the gravitational tension layers is, I have to get some, it's charming about this parameter, but I don't go through the fourth, for example, from one layer to layer to the other layer. I don't test the word, these couple locations and get a, maybe get a plot to show the deep performance on different temperal variations. But I have to try some, that's, I get that, maybe the, the tension has a four is the best configuration for that, because we should have a considerate about the memory of the, memory of the computer. So the tension, the thing you had a four is the max configuration for, for my computer to run the experiment. Also, the graph of graph layers and the batch size. The batch size, maybe you should, to set to the, set to the six to 64, but I just think that the, the thing in the memory, it's not enough, or to run such a big batch size. So, we should, many of this is limited by the, limited by the configuration of my computer. So, I can't say that, but we have, I have, guess we have a, I have to, parameter check of, the four, four, four, four is the fourth, four, four, four, four are the, four are the, four is the, four is the parameter, I can't say that. I'm sure how should we present that kind of hyperparameter selection, when we write this is, do we need to specify that, how we get those hyperparameter, and I'm not sure how to, So I was the... All your choices you need to say how they were done. It makes some problems and say that I have done this selection because... No, no, no. As you've done I said, I copy from another architecture, which will recommend... And then in limitation you can also mention what it means. I mean, is it a limitation that there could be better... Or I'm a bit there's but I have to choose and also... It was a lack of time or something. I hear you have a lot of... For some space, right? So you can just ignore reason. I took it because of tape X, I chose... I don't know, best I studied, too, because of memory, constraints of my machine. Did you... We'll be spoke about sizes of test and training set. Did you have a variation there? Sorry? Did you have a variation set? No, no, we don't have a set of variations. So when you said that you played around with... I think with something you played around, maybe the period was not played. Did you say I needed some... How did you figure that out? There's no principle to approach. That you said I about the way the lambda... You could also do zero, right? That's if you didn't give us anything. Zero, one, two, three, four, five, and then five was the best. Or... Was it principle that you just do small tests? And then you didn't have a minimum of five, so you better than two? If so, I had only done some small... You wouldn't have tried... But I don't have tried water. Number four, these lambda... But I have tried maybe... I have tried four and such things. Yes, but five is okay. For these three configurations. I've... But you only used five? No, I have tested four and six. But I don't... Four times six. Yes, but I don't... I don't... Five was tested how? Trendy runs. Yes, Trendy runs? Yes, right. Yeah. Do you care about those things? Okay. Correct. You say with the context of the way margin... zero one, once a reason. Yes, because... Okay. This may be some good question. The drug, target vector can be similar in two drugs? Yes, so... Yes, these situations where it happens... So some of the friction of the drug, they have the same target patterns in our test. But this is... Surely, this is where improved the result because some targets in the... That trace that and the test test has the same targets. Yes, I feel that like it's data leakage in your cold drug history. Yes, but... That's similar. But... So did this drug... This drug... Drug visual will contact with the control data. So this is not the dependent, which was the... Drug visual, the control data. But in your... This cold drug is pretty, should be different drugs in this case. Yes, it should not be the same. Yes, this... This will... We're... In fact, the total results of... Because... Because in some... Yes, because in some other papers, they may be at some other drug feature. Which... Like the... To add together to... Even though they have the same... So, drug have the same target. They have... Some other different drug feature. So, it can't take them to the characters. So, they need the data. Yes. So, this is, of course, I think it's definitely a limitation that you found. You need to discuss... Yes. It's okay. For instance, we under... Maybe we'll just drug yourself, like... ...alm a do-on and another one. Which is two different names, but... ...except the same substance. Yes, uh... ...and then... Well... Of course, they will have same drug targets. Yes, I would modify the drug. I would change the water drug's target. And if the drug has the same target... ...when does that thing appear in the test set? Did you save the models? Oh, sorry. Did you save the train models? Uh... You... Yes, I have saved the train models. So, if you have... ...let's say a new test in the train, you can just run it without retrading, right? Sorry. You choose another metrics. Aeration metrics. Can you quickly compute it with the... Yeah, yes, yes, yes. Okay. 

Thank you. 

Can you introduce it on my tricks again? Oh, yes, I have... ...for you saved, maybe I have it a repeat. Okay. Sorry, I just... 

Sorry. Sorry. I should be like this. If the distribution framework in the result section, this is, sorry. I should be like this. If the distribution framework in the result section, I should be in the letter log G. I think you should have built this section, because the framework of all the results. So because you can see that, you can see that the picture, yes, you can. You can see the picture. This picture is just the framework. So if you can, if you see the results of, I mentioned in this result day, all of them will see the, maybe the colors, say, or call, dragon and the warm start. Yes, so we are there for this two-sure rate comes from this picture where show them that, but we have the respeared and how this reared, the respeared comes from, belong to rich metrics. We can clearly assure our framework. We did like, from the methodology, the method. You said I should move to the methodology. I don't care. Okay. You understand, you should go to the seats. Yeah, I'll stay in the way. I compared the first number with the second number. Yes, maybe I think because the second number is graph. And the graph model, first day's note, and the point eight nine with the 1.17. Should I compare those two? I mean, as I read it, right? I should compare this number with this number with this number. And if this is the case, I think it's weirdly ordered. I think I would rather do, I would not start according to the model, but start according to the split, maybe make horizontal lines and use it. I compared those three numbers, those three and those three. And then I think for the read it would be nice to maybe you make it bold, like the best one for something. Because now you can visit and see that this model, like your proposal wins in those two cases, but like this wins in this case, right? The code says. Both scenarios are actually interesting, but what you say is the most important thing is the more interesting. Otherwise, your course would like to know how much you can win by, I mean, how much you lose by having all the code predictions come back. This is also interesting. The method comparison is probably. And then at the beginning of the next page, there's graph, especially at the same thing twice, and I'm like, why? Or, yes, because somebody might see the graph. But then, I noticed that you added the mean thing here, which I would maybe add the mean thing is also in the table. And then you can actually see here the mean thing is actually, that's one, no? Because here you get the MSE slightly below 0.8. And you never get anything below 8. So the mean drug is actually performing the best here, no? Like the super super simple baseline. Yes, actually. I think the red are the right. Because the code scenario is maybe the best environment or the worst environment. So for the MSE, the code means for these metrics, maybe if there are people worse than the mean way I do. But in the PCC, other metrics, there would be better. Because in the code scenario, they have airy. The gene network have cheaper impact words. Because people in the state have different regulation functions. So maybe they are worse than the mislayer. I think it is really interesting, in this case. No, not this, this is super interesting. Because technically in a regression case, if I just take my train set and I take the average five, and I always predict that value, and kind of best, that's kind of weird. Or is it interesting, result of the thing? I suppose I all have this bit. 

Yeah, I'm here compare this PCC value of this GSNNN and see GNN, the same question you put. This PCC is not a training objective of the GSNN, the same thing I told you. Yes, you mean that. I think what he means is that the second model is always the second best. But now you are evaluating the PCC and the PCC was part of the first and the third one. So now have the readers not questioning if the PCC would be part of the loss of this model, would that be still in this regime? I would be compatible now. Yes, yes. Okay, for you. Do you want to use different questions? Yes, yes, yes. If you include that, that might be outperform. Okay, you're pro. 

But then you also need to care for the thing. There's a lot of things that you could put in. I mean that you need to actually compute everything because this will explode. You need to care for the thing. What is necessary? What do you put in discussion or is a future? 

What is the limitation? What is the limitation? I know that this is like a weakness. I should have done it. I didn't do it. Now maybe today or something. Actually, a lot of perks I surprise of you managed to do everything. And I have stopped. You have to slay that too much. Now you need to ride. 

What is the meaning of this identity? Yes, it's just because we have used the context. Replace. Replace. Yes, because it's different. So I have different ideas. So we just introduced the say context. In the previous chapter, in the methodology chapter. So we just replace the input from the say ID to the say identity. So this section just is permanent. So if we transfer the say ID to say how the model improved by this compression. Can we skip the game? Maybe we may be comment about what is this identity? It was here. You get like one seven and then you get a drop of it's like crazy drop. Because if you subtract that, you're approximately at the numbers. Where you are. Otherwise. And put. Push. Why is this so big? Do you have an idea of what is this? Because we took say context ID. We don't. Because we just. When we use the say ID. So. In the code say. We use the say ID. We will depend. The heavily depend on the say ID. But in the code say, we don't see this say ID again. So this we have a very. We are very high or high MSE for this kind of. Of situation. But we use the constant context say context is not. The harder code of the say ID. He's just the. Use the MLP. To. In code the background the the control data of the. Control data of the genius pressure. He's the MLP to encoder control. The code the context from which. From genes or from what. From the control genes. It's controlled. Yes. So. So there we have. More. A create. More easier to. In decreased the. So the. Maybe you can. How do they say. The profile of the cell. That's what you want. Yes. But yeah, you can. Yeah, we can more discussion there. In principle, biology is very. It's a very difficult to predict between different types of cells. So if the cancer cell or it's. It's. Oh, no one. Yeah, relate to cells. So then they did a predicting in between different types of cells is very hard. So then of course, if you just say cell one cell one and cell to it's very hard to transfer between this. But if you know the. This similarity the context should. Some discussion on that sort. Yes, but. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. You're here to be honest, I was not too. Sure. But I see five seven. And then I think the the published band. I don't know. So that's. And here. I'm not sure. Okay. Yeah, you're expected 95 and you're kind of get. But like instead of seeing this and this. I was hoping for a table where you see the negative of black and yellow and the test set. Because the negative of black and yellow combines your prediction rule and uncertainty. Yeah. Yes. So, I would be okay with getting rid of this and replacing it with a table with the negative of black and yellow. Yes. So, what do you mean is that we should indicate that this you and the sigma comes from? No, I know where it comes from, but how good is the sigma and the question? 

Sorry, I can't get you for you. Your objective function is basically the negative of black and yellow. Yes. Yes. And the negative of black and yellow makes use of the true one, the predicted one and uncertainty. Yes. So, basically combines those three values in like in one number. Yes. And then you can average over the batch or like you can test that or whatever. Yeah, test that. Basically you can shove in your test set make predictions. Yes. So, at every point you have like the true, the predicted mean predicted variance. And then you can compute that into a single number which is the negative of black and yellow. For whatever split on the test set. Yes. So, you can compute that for all methods except the second one because the second one likes like the the variance prediction which you could add if you wanted to. But even if you don't want to want to add it, you could at least compare that the first to the third method and compare that the negative of black and yellow. Okay. And I get a point. 

Test that I have efficiency only considered the one. The one case. Five points here. That's right. That's what we've drawn. The five point six. Five point six. Maybe it's below. 

Four. Four. Four. Four. Yes. Is this. Is this only considering the warmth? Yes. We just can't figure out the bottom one for the other. Is there. Does it make sense for the others or. Because it can be used in the in the that. Okay. Can I do it from code split as well or not. Yes. It can be due to in the code spirit or the code jargon. Also it can be due that. No. 

Yes. I have considered consider this this problem before. I have forgotten my my my my mind. You say to me it reads like you only do the warmth. Yeah. And then I would be interested. Is it either not possible for the other spirits? Why? Or did you just not do it? What I was thinking. I started. I mean he doesn't have to do it. It's just like maybe explain why he's done. Okay. 

I think the reason is you did too many things that we difficult to combine the old thing in the research. I think that's the. Yeah. Yeah. So so this. Yes. I think. You're. So. The. Things to do in. It's. It's. 

And. I. I. I. 

And they have to scroll a bit faster. Is there anything you're extractor those. Uh. Uh. For this plot. Yes. We can see that. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Some some some. These. That. Yeah. Uh. Uh. I noticed that you have include GFNN in the discussion and we have the discussion. Yes, because I know that. Yes. You say the results. In the results, we don't provide any discussion about the discussion. Yes, because in the case of the model, it's not controlled by us. We just added about the baseline that deep-courpt model and our own model. So, about GFNNN, we don't have any more modifications on these models. We just changed the input, so we don't put much more discussion on these models. 

Yeah, I think that we can relate that these two models is different. Yes, I've come in to run. Yes, I've come in to run. I've quite feel things that are mentioned here. I've reviewed today. The QQs, in the discussion. Yes. 

How do you think of your specific in this one? What exactly do you use for what things do you use for? Do you use Gemini, Chachimiti, Cloud, or whatever? We use the GFNNNNNNNNNNNNNN model. We use the GFNNNNNNNN model for the variety and some code. I think you can mention the model version. And I say, yeah, the figures. Maybe say which figures? Okay. The American results were produced from the project code. How do I interpret this? The American results were produced. Did you use the PTP or the use of the metaphor? Some figures are for the first chapter. The first chapter is for the original picture. The American results were produced. Like what results were produced by what? Did not use the PTP or not computing results for you? No, no, no. I don't see anything. You could interpret it in a way. Yes, I think it should. 

I know you have dealt it. The American results are produced from this project code. You mentioned that you haven't used AI to generate numerical results. Yes. I think. I should. The numerical results and figures are produced from the project code. And it's not mentioned about AI. So yes, some code. Some code is generated by the PTP. I don't know. Yes, that's the point. Is that the point? Yes. Yes. Yes. It's good. Scrolls. Two. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. First of all, I would like you to move to six this. So if there's 50 authors, I get it. But if there's like three altars and the third one is replaced by this, P6, especially like the one page later, that the user set the first altars. Then I think I'm okay with the number of citations. I think the majority of them is also like, so, typically, you know, scientific. I think number three and four, I think this is kind of like a new website. This is a block hard to write. Yes. Yes. I think using the very first page of the introduction, kind of like to motivate this astrozeric case, maybe you find something better than those. Okay. Then, um, I think this name is not correct. And the year is not correct. Okay. And then next page. Some, some, some, some. Oh, and the go up. Can you say, be the superman? 15. I would like to take it up to 15 and 60. Just some, just some of the videos that you have them. And then here, you know, this is like that. I'll, um, maybe a recipe and take. Um, also pay. This one, I would also be interested in seeing this paper. 20. 20 years. 20 years. Oh, yes, I was passing up introduced this, this paper in the proposal meetings. Can I see it? This video. Yes, I have PDFs. Of the 15, 16 and 20. 15, 15. And then. And then she goes to the end. I think there's some minor things where I think that's what's. I think there's a wrong. This is technically not correct. I think they changed names and point, but this is super minor. Yeah. Okay. Also, if, uh, as far as I can. I, oh, yeah, this one. I didn't really get like, why you decided. I think the last one. That would, that was weird. Yes, I didn't really understand. I mean, they opened it. I think you decided for the interesting. Yes, interesting is in there also. It's not called hinge, but I think it was there. It's the, but this, this is, okay, this, the he's thinking the English. So they won. Yes, but the three, yeah, this, he's not about the mathematics. It's just about, uh, maybe the about, how do they say about the mind. The two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two. I'm packaging the black, black box of the, Net, Net or network. So use the, the kind of fact, you use these kind of facts of mind. Two, two, two, two, two, um, books. The black. You could double check this. If like, the bio archive, you could check if the paper is, is published. And you mean, why? Because by the, I have this also like a pre-print server, right? Uh, I have, I have a check. Most of the, the, the papers in this. Okay. Okay. Really? Then where down? Or? Yeah. Yeah. Good. Time. Almost five minutes like. Okay. So then thank you so much. Now I guess you know what you need to do. Yes. A lot of work to be done. I hope you took notes. Yes. I have taught, do, macro order or location. Good. So then please follow exam and send a bonus recommendation. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. 